Lu Qikuan, you little wave hoof, get out for me
What about Lu Qikuan?
Immediately let you white-eyed wolf
Roll in front of me
What do the security guards at the door do?
Why does everyone come in?
Humph mom and dad
I am An An
We lived together for 18 years
Now I want to come back
Please let me come back
It was you who wanted to go back to the Shen family
Now the Shen family has fallen and wants to come back
What to daydream about
So...
You don't want me back because of him, right?
It must be this bitch
What pillow wind is blowing in your ears?
We have lived together for 18 years
Are these feelings fake?
You may not believe it
He's already a broken shoe
Does a woman like him deserve a down payment?
If you don't listen, I advise you to achieve something.
Change it now
Maybe I'm in a good mood
You can also tell me about the fact that you were slept with by a wild man two years ago
Bury it
How do you know?
This thing
If you get stabbed in
How long will your vineyard last?
Sister, just treat it as a replacement to meet.
If you are not obedient, why don't you tell your parents quickly?
Who is that wild man of yours?
Hello, let your parents lose your company
Forget it, I'm a beggar too
Me.
That man is me